From the first time I saw you I knew there’s no other
You know that you got me lately.
But you’re kissing goodbye with different brothers
And I wanted to call you "baby".
And you’re sure, and I’m sure, and we’re sure,
Everybody’s sure in love, oh, can we live without it
I’m awfully yours and you’ve said that you’re mine
But for now pardon me I doubt it...

Every time I try, every time I try
To say "girl, would you be my only baby?"
You won’t give me no no no no no chance, for a true romance, girl, true romance
Every time I plan, every time I plan to tell "girl, am I still, am I still the only man?"
Oh, you pretend now, that you understand now, but you got a date with another ten.
Oh, no, you got a date with another ten and then got a date with another twelve.
I know, you got a date with another ten, you got a date with another man...

Simple rhymes like "two dollars" and "city of sorrow" we measure a life by quarters
MCM showing pools and the players of polo reality on the water.
Cash’s becoming the matter of life. What is wrong? What is right?
Oh, can we live without it?
Only love is much bigger than time and a crime
But for now pardon me I doubt it...

Babe I’ll treat you right to you, never treat you wrong
Oh I don’t care about your house, come and telephone
Honey, please, continue to do all that you do
You’ve got the sweetest voice and look like Erykah Badu
Sometimes you’re cut in the heart in the biggest part
And I know it would be trouble from you from the start
Oh, honey please continue to do all that you do
You’ve got the sweetest voice and look like, oh, Erykah Badu

Every time I try, every time I try
To say "girl, would you be my only baby?"
You won’t give me no no no no no chance, for a true romance, girl, true romance.
Every time I plan, every time I plan to tell "girl, oh, am I still the only man?"
Oh, you pretend now, that you understand now, but you got a date with another ten.

Every time I try, every time I try
To say "girl, would you be my only baby?"
You ain’t givin’ me no no no no no chance, for a true romance, girl, love romance.
Every time I plan, every time I plan to tell "girl, am I still, still the only man?"
Oh, you pretend now, that you understand now, but you got a date with another ten.
Oh, no, you got a date with another ten, I know you got a date with another twelve.
Oh, yo, you got a date with another ten, I know you got a date with another men...
I heard it
You got a date, you got a date, you got a date with another fourteen, fifteen,
You got a date with another man, I know you got a date with another man...
You’ve got a date!